README.md, before:

# My personal quasi-suckless void linux setup

It is constutited from two main part.
The first part is minimalistic suckless desktop environment base,
The other part are are just dependencies of utilities I use.

The minimalistic suckless base can be installed with the
`./install_de_base.sh` script. It contains two parallel suckless desktop
environment. One is the regular suckless window manager (GUI) based environment.
The other is a full terminal based emulation of the former as much as possible.
The latter is in plan but I have not implemented it yet.

The other part are are just dependencies of stuff I use. This can be installed
with the `./install_de_utils.sh` which just install the dependencies listed
in `./de_util_deps.txt`. This part tries to be suckless as reasonably
achieveble for my uses cases. Here I primarily try to include cross platform
utilities. Nevertheless, it can include software that outright sucks.

To install the full desktop environment, run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kalocsaibotond/void-rice
./install_de_base.sh; ./install_de_utils.sh
```

To install without SSL verification, run:

```bash
GIT_SSL_NO_VERIFY=true git clone https://github.com/kalocsaibotond/void-rice
./install_de_base.sh true; ./install_de_utils.sh true
```

The overarching aim of my overall desktop environment is to optimise for
terminal usage, and minimise GUI and mouse usage.

Here everything is subject to breaking change, so only use the content as
inspiration. Moreover, currently it is in a work-in-progress state.

Commit message:

feat: allow installation of non-free software by default

README.md, after:

# My personal quasi-suckless void linux setup

It constutites from two main part.
The first part is minimalistic quasi-suckless desktop environment base.
The other part are are just dependencies of utilities I use.

The minimalistic quasi-suckless base can be installed with the
`./install_de_base.sh` script. It contains two parallel suckless desktop
environment. One is the regular suckless window manager (GUI) based environment.
The other is a full terminal based emulation of the former as much as possible.
The latter is in plan but I have not implemented it yet.

The other part are are just dependencies of stuff I use. This can be installed
with the `./install_de_utils.sh` which just install the dependencies listed
in `./de_util_deps.txt`. Here I primarily try to include cross platform
utilities.

To install the full desktop environment, run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/kalocsaibotond/void-rice
./install_de_base.sh; ./install_de_utils.sh
```

To install without SSL verification, run:

```bash
GIT_SSL_NO_VERIFY=true git clone https://github.com/kalocsaibotond/void-rice
./install_de_base.sh true; ./install_de_utils.sh true
```

The overarching aim of my overall desktop environment is to optimise for
terminal usage, and minimise GUI and mouse usage, but have proper mouse
support as backup solution. Nevertheless I try to make it as much suckless as
reasonably achievable.

Here everything is subject to breaking change, so only use the content as
inspiration. Moreover, currently it is in a work-in-progress state.
